Phil:
Agile processes: Agile processes are defined by implementing step by step the customer
requirements. They are designed so that, if something changes later it can be fast
implemented in the development of the software. This is achieved by short iteration
cycles and constant creation of increments. 

Plan-driven processes: Plan-driven processes defined by determine the customers requirements
early in the process an as precise as possible. With the precise requirements of the customer, 
the plan is established, the timeline for the project is set, tests for the software and the 
required documentation can be prepared.

Pro agile processes:
- for small teams (can fast get unclear)
- the goal has a wide variety
- the documentation during the projects is done freely

Pro plan-driven processes:
- clear list if requirements
- for everyone comprehensible
- early recognition of shortfalls

Contra agile processes:
- not considering additional condition can lead to problems

contra plan-driven:
- changes can lead to big additional effort to update and adapt


Ghazal:
Agile:
-Planning is incremental and it is easier to Modify the process
to reflect customer requirements.
-Cooperation with the customer over contract negotiations.
-Agile emphasized constant informal communication and the ability to
respond change and uncertainty: it is adaptable in nature.
Plan-Driven:
Plan-Driven emphasizes formal communication and control: An attempt was made in nature
be more predictive

Fatma: fatma
Since Agile is for small products and small teams, it would be very suitable for our group.
Our team can make changes and adjustments again.
Especially because our team does not have a lot of experience.
In the Plan-Drive missing this part, you can not make changes.
The Agile is also better for the customer to be involved here and his wishes and
proposed amendment may propose again. 
It is also important at the Agile repeatedly daily meetings to make the whole team members.
So the missing gaps in the project can be edited.

Pero: 
Other aspects that can be relevant for the decision
An influence on the decision can be, whether go plan-driven
or agile is, the experience of the team. If the team is
inexperienced, one should plan that it takes more time than
with an experienced team.
One point can be how much time is given for the project.
If there isn't much time given, then it would be better if
one could keep an eye on the process so that the whole project
isn't delayed.
It can matter how much the software needs to be revised. If the
software needs to be revised often, then is one process model
more suitable than the other.
